Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-grid-optimistic-concurrency-for-update-delete-operations: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E5125)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Grid View for ASP.NET MVC - How to implement optimistic concurrency for the update and delete operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Grid View for ASP.NET MVC - How to implement optimistic concurrency for update and delete operations
```

> This example illustrates how to implement [optimistic concurrency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimistic_concurrency_control) when bind the [GridView]() extension to a data source using the Entity Framework and the "Code First" development approach. See the following topic for more information: [Bind Grid View to Data via Entity Framework (Code First)](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/14580/components/grid-view/binding-to-data/binding-to-data-via-entity-framework-code-first). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to implement [optimistic concurrency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Optimistic_concurrency_control) when you bind the [GridView]() extension to a data source using the Entity Framework and the "Code First" development approach. See the following topic for more information: [Bind Grid View to Data via Entity Framework (Code First)](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/14580/components/grid-view/binding-to-data/binding-to-data-via-entity-framework-code-first).
```

Note that [Entity Framework](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/ef6/) includes the corresponding functionality out-of-the-box if you define the [Timestamp](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/ef6/modeling/code-first/data-annotations#timestamp) field in your data model:

```cs
[Timestamp]
public Byte[] RowVersion { get; set; }
```

> Once you define the `Timestamp` field, entity framework automatically performs concurrency checks when saving data to the data base. In case of concurrency conflict, the [DbUpdateConcurrencyException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.entity.infrastructure.dbupdateconcurrencyexception) will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you define the `Timestamp` field, entity framework automatically performs concurrency checks when saving data to the database. In case of concurrency conflict, the [DbUpdateConcurrencyException](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.entity.infrastructure.dbupdateconcurrencyexception) is thrown.
```

```cs
settings.CustomJSProperties = (s, e) => {
    MVCxGridView gridView = (MVCxGridView)s;
    var dictionary = new System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary<object, string>();
    for (int i = 0; i < gridView.SettingsPager.PageSize; i++) {
        var visibleIndex = i + gridView.VisibleStartIndex;
        if (visibleIndex >= gridView.VisibleRowCount)
            break;
        object[] rowValues = (object[])gridView.GetRowValues(visibleIndex, gridView.KeyFieldName, "RowVersion");
        dictionary[rowValues[0].ToString()] = Convert.ToBase64String((byte[])rowValues[1]);
    }
    e.Properties["cpRowVersions"] = new System.Web.Script.Serialization.JavaScriptSerializer().Serialize(dictionary);
    if (ViewData["EditError"] != null)
        e.Properties["cpEditError"] = ViewData["EditError"];
};
```

> After that, pass this data back to the corresponding Update or Delete controller's action method on the server side. Reffer to the following topic for more information: [Passing Values to a Controller Action through Callbacks](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/9941/common-features/callback-based-functionality/passing-values-to-a-controller-action-through-callbacks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, pass this data back to the corresponding Update or Delete controller's action method on the server side. Refer to the following topic for more information: [Passing Values to a Controller Action through Callbacks](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/9941/common-features/callback-based-functionality/passing-values-to-a-controller-action-through-callbacks).
```

```js
function GridView_BeginCallback(s, e) {
    e.customArgs['RowVersions'] = s.cpRowVersions;
}
```

> On the server side, deserialize this data and pass the correct value to the `RowVersion` field of the currently updated ordeleted object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the server side, deserialize this data and pass the correct value to the `RowVersion` field of the currently updated or deleted object.
```
